Document new multi-instance properties for completion condition (#899)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/modeler/bpmn/multi-instance/multi-instance.md

A `completionCondition` defines whether the multi-instance body can be completed immediately when the condition is satisfied. It is a [boolean expression](/components/concepts/expressions.md#boolean-expressions) that will be evaluated each time the instance of the multi-instance body completes. Any instances that are still active are terminated and the multi-instance body is completed when the expression evaluates to `true`.

The BPMN 2.0 specification defines the following properties of a multi-instance body:

- `numberOfInstances`: The number of instances created.
- `numberOfActiveInstances`: The number of instances currently active.
- `numberOfCompletedInstances`: The number of instances already completed.
- `numberOfTerminatedInstances`: The number of instances already terminated, this will always be `0`.

> These properties are available for use in the `completionCondition` expression (eg. when 50% of the instances have completed, the multi-instance body is completed). Although they are available in this expression, they do not exist as process variables. These properties take precedence over process variables with the same name.

Reviewer: 🔧 I'd like to suggest the following changes, focussing on an example expression along with the use case example.

 ```suggestion
These properties are available for use in the `completionCondition` expression. For example, using these properties you can express "complete the multi-instance body when 50% or more of the instances already completed" as `= numberOfCompletedInstances / numberOfInstances >= 0.5`. Although these properties are available in this expression, they do not exist as process variables. These properties take precedence over process variables with the same name.
```

A `completionCondition` defines whether the multi-instance body can be completed immediately when the condition is satisfied. It is a [boolean expression](/components/concepts/expressions.md#boolean-expressions) that will be evaluated each time the instance of the multi-instance body completes. Any instances that are still active are terminated and the multi-instance body is completed when the expression evaluates to `true`.

> The BPMN 2.0 specification defines the following properties of a multi-instance body instance:

Reviewer: 🔧  `multi-instance body instance` is correct, but might be a bit confusing to newcomers. Let's just call it `multi-instance body` like in the paragraph above.

- `numberOfInstances`: The number of instances created.
- `numberOfActiveInstances`: The number of instances currently active.

> - `numberOfCompletedInstances`: The number of instances already completed.

Reviewer: ❌   The `numberOfTerminatedInstances` are also defined and available for use in the completion condition expression. Let's add it here as well. 

Generally, this value will not work that well in the completion condition, i.e. the completion condition is only evaluated for completing instances, but instances won't complete anymore as soon as the multi-instance is terminating. So, the value will always be 0 when used in the completion condition, simply because of the way the zeebe engine deals with termination. However, the value is available in the completion condition and will take precedence over process variables with the same name. So we should mention it here as well.

> These properties are available for use in the `completionCondition` expression. Although they are available in this expression, they do not exist as process variables. These properties take precedence over process variables with the same name.

Reviewer: 🔧 I'd like to see an additional sentence that describes what they can be used for. Perhaps we provide the example from below (if 50% of the instances have completed). WDYT?

= orderCount > 15 or totalPrice > 50

= list contains([6,7], today().weekday)

= numberOfCompletedInstances = 2

> = numberOfCompletedInstances/numberOfInstances >= 0.5

Reviewer: 👍  I really like the new additions.

🔧  This list of examples is becoming pretty long which might confuse users. Let's reduce it a bit by removing the expressions that use `orderCount`.
